docs: add a section on automatic rollback (#315)
shorebirdtech/docs: src/content/docs/code-push/rollback.mdx

installing that patch will count against your monthly patch installs. If you
have no remaining patch installs, the app will revert to the base release.
:::

## Patch Integrity and Automatic Rollback

> Shorebird includes safety features to prevent needing to issue the manual roll
> back of a patch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shorebird includes safety features to prevent needing to issue the manual
rollback of a patch.
```

`shorebird patch` also generates a hash of your patch file which is stored
separately from the patch and checked every time your patch is installed, or
booted from on the user's device.

> Customers are also encouraged to use Shorebird's [patch-signing

Reviewer: Not sure if necessary, but I think we still need to support this for hybrid app targets  https://github.com/shorebirdtech/shorebird/issues/2162

Author: That's fine, we'll add it when requested.

Reviewer: My suggestion was more "should we mention it here so someone who reads this and tries isn't confused"

Author: Nah, I think that goes in the signing docs themselves.  We also just generally need a "make our system awesome for hybrid apps" pass over our whole product, that I think comes later as we're more established.
